# contexualisation

##### Healthcare
Fast image recognition can be used in healthcare to diagnose cancers and other abnormalities in the body. This is done by AI scanning images from X-rays. This means the process of searching images from X-rays can be automated. By using AI for these processes there is no human error which means they are more accurate and can correctly diagnose more people with cancer and other abnormalities. But the AI used to dected cancers and abnormalities works by recognising objects in the images from X-rays. This means if something the AI hasnt been programed to recognised is in the image it wont detect it.
#### Transport 
AI can be used to make self driving cars which allows the passenger to relax in the car. By using self drivng cars there is less chance for crashes as AI doesnt have the flaws humans have like getting tired or getting distracted. Human might acciedently take a longer route or drive into traffic whereas self drivng cars can use the most effiecient route which means the car has to travel less distance which saves the passengers time and causes less polution vecause the cars are using less electricity or petrol. People fear that self driving cars will be a threat when on the road to passengers and pedestrians because they fear errors in the software which could effect the cars behaviour and hackers messing wioth the car.
#### Education 
Image recognition can be used to make learning more interesting for kids instead of them answer questions or read textbooks they can play interactive games on their phones where they can scan images make learning more entertaining for them. If kids find learn entertaining they will be more likely to enjoy school but kids spend lots of time on electronics which can effect their social lifes and pyhsical health and if they use devices with image recognition in their classroom itcan reduce the social interation between students and make student rely more on electronics.
#### Tourism
Image recognition can be used to make the life of tourist more convenientwhcih means they can have a more enjoyable experience travelling. Facial recognition can be used in hotels to make signing in to your room more convienet. It could also be used to speed up the process of going to an airport by allowing tourist to quickly scan their face with their passport instead of having to wait in a long que and get it their passport check by a human. But these uses of facial recognition would cause people to loss their jobs because receptionist would no longer have to sign people in and airport staff wouldnt have to check peoples passports. If someone was to hack into the facial recognition in a hotel they could find out details about the people staying there and could gain access to their bank accounts.
#### Entertainment
fast image recognition can be used to watch peoples actions and analyze how they act at social event like festivals and concerts which can be used to arrest people who are doing illegal actions because in under a second the AI can already memorise their face. This can make people feel safe because there is less chance of someone attacking someone and getting away because the AI can recognise the attacker. But this can cause people to feel scared and uncomfortable as they are being watch and the AI can gather information about people are looking at and doing which people think is an invasion of privacy 
